every currency is losing in relation to
real Goods stuff things but when
compared to each other we can make
arguments about which currency is
stronger than the other the euro is
currently rotting along with the Euro
Zone austerity is simply making things
worse the technocratic elite have been
rather quiet since the turmoil of the
European sovereign debt crisis but have
faith they are quietly scheming for
their next opportunity you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today I want to talk about various
topics including Greece a lot to cover
today let's begin with this the EU and
other trading partners have begun laying
the groundwork for a legal challenge to
a US border tax proposal
in a move that could trigger the biggest
case in World Trade Organization history
this is all related to what Donald Trump
has been doing so far the world is
generally opposed to his policies
perhaps challenging globalism the
ultimate goal is to have Global
governance we've seen everybody from
Gordon Brown and bushes and everybody
talk about having global
governance and there's a challenge to
that when you try to get out of NAFTA
when you're trying to get out of you
know the TPP and everything else you're
shaking it up and that's exactly what's
happening right now the preliminary
moves come as republicans in Congress
are working to convince Trump to back a
major shakeup of the Us corporate tax
system that would include a new border
adjustment system it would see us import
subject to tax and Export revenues
Exempted so you know what's happening
right here they are trying to put
America first and I could definitely
agree with that in principle and we'll
see though how it all
happens this right here let's go
Professor Ted Malo revealed that senior
Greek economists have inquired about the
possibility now remember I said
possibility of adop the green back if
the country crashes out of The single
currency now it was a few years ago
where it was claimed that they started
printing the drma again as a
backup that was a claim we never really
saw that taking off but ultimately the
European sovereign debt crisis was about
to literally collapse the EU and they
were able to let's say Kick the Can down
the
road he asserted that Athens is so
desperate it is prepare to tie itself to
the Dollar on the same terms as the
likes of Puerto Rico if it means being
able to quit the Euro
zone so they're in Dire Straits right
now they are at the precipice of what
could be a deep collapse for
Greece as a result this could have a
domino effect that takes down all of the
Euro Zone that's not going to happen
they are going to take measures to do
that the question is
will uh forcing Greece to exit be part
of that I don't know they obviously want
to expand the Euro Zone rather than uh
kick members out if they can't afford to
stay in so I don't know how that will
react but this is one option and the
reason why
I found this interesting it's coming up
here so he basically said that German
leaders including Angela Merkel were
freaked out at the humiliating
possibility of losing Greece to a rival
currency which would be a devastating
blow to the EU project
obviously this is it right here when you
see tying Greece
temporarily trust that it would be
hopefully anyway it would be a
temporarily to the US dollar would be
one way for the authorities in Athens to
ensure that its currency does not
completely
tank if it leaves the Euro Zone as would
be likely to occur with a reissu drma
okay that makes sense to me that they
would say look temporarily we want to
exit here we're just going to start
using the US dollar it's a strong
currency have faith in us don't worry
everything is fine and then we are going
to over the next year two 5 years
whatever it might be we're going to
start reprinting the drma and they're
going to sit side by side and you can
use both and that would be something
that would would take place perhaps just
temporarily the US dollar would be the
legal tender and then it goes on
anyway it's a possibility it's a thought
but it does make sense if Greece is to
leave all right now in connection with
that I wanted to look into this show you
it countries that only use a foreign
currency you got to remember it's not
just the us or one of its states
using the US dollar you have other
countries as well from eador to Turks
and Kos British Virgin Islands and a
bunch of others then you have the other
uh countries around the world that use
it as legal tender and that would be
like Panama for example
so this is something that shows you that
you don't have to be necessarily owned
and operated by the US it could just be
another country they can adopt that if
it makes sense for them they can adopt
it so I don't know if that's the case
for Greece at all it's a strong currency
and uh and a weak country I don't know
if they're compatible but it's just to
give the markets a signal of strength
that's basically what it is and a lot of
this is uh you know a test put it out in
the media see how people react to it and
then uh you can address it like that I
thought it was interesting I wanted to
bring it to you now when you have
trillions over a trillion dollar taxes
set record through
January still running of course no
matter what still running a deficit of
157 billion with it be billion
dollars this system is designed to
continuously consume more and more debt
and here we are with another example no
matter how much money they bring in
taxes the deficits will always increase
now that could change in the near future
but the policies that are currently in
place are done so in order to increase
poverty that is the whole point when
people are poor they're dependent on
their government they won't rise up they
won't stand up and they will be forced
to be on their knees when you fight from
knees you're always sort of at that pun
intended
deficit all right this is a little
interesting check it out Frisco ISD
students may not be cleaning just their
bedrooms they may be sprucing up their
classrooms too that's one of several
suggestions from volunteers tried to
help the nearly 60,000 student School
District deal with a budget shortfall
brought on by a loss of State funding
combined with voters rejection of a tax
rate hike people don't want to pay more
taxes okay so what do you do you cut
back instead of increasing Prosperity
instead of figuring out a way to bring
more money in or to reduce expenses in a
proper
way instead What's Happening Here is
they actually do something like this
filling in this budget shortfall by
making students clean up doing jobs that
are generally not supposed to be their
own
and this
always it always upsets me to see money
being squandered when you look at this
connect it in with that this happens to
be part of the federal fumbles 2016 so
if you go to a search engine and type in
federal fumbles 2016 you'll get this
report don't text and chew it says look
at this it's just a little joke on the
side they're saying hey just a friendly
reminder not to chew
tobacco look at this last year Federal
fumbles highlighted a $2.6 million
program to send motivational weight loss
text messages to truck drivers you're
going to to spend $2.6 million to tell
people truck drivers specifically to
lose weight then you have this the NIH
the National Institute of Health
provided nearly
$500,000 so far for program to send text
messages to discourage chewing tobacco
this is when you know you have a very
serious problem of money being
squandered how about instead of sending
these messages you give that money to
that school so the kids don't have to
clean up around the
classrooms makes a little bit more sense
anyway I'm sure there's better ways to
save money but that's just one little
example then you have this Japan who is
printing and printing for decades
they're leading the pack in how much
money is being printed making the
Federal Reserve look like a joke in this
race to the the bottom Japan's economy
expanded just 1% even with all the fake
numbers even with all the lies that
they're telling us the economy expanded
at just
1% in
2016 as a bump in exports and capital
investment offset weak spending at
home think about it for a second we've
been covering here on the channel you've
seen it we've talked about it that
they've been doing so horribly that
money is fleeing the country that the
only one investing is the central bank
and yet yet we still see this garbage
all the time talking about an increase
in investment look if the central bank
is the only investor you can't use that
information and make it seem like
everything is fine what a
joke truly truly what a joke there's
more in the article not going to cover
it let's move
on CIA director what a kiss ass part of
my language the heir to Saudi Arabia's
Throne has been awarded a medal by the
new director of the US Central
Intelligence
Agency okay the CIA just gave a
medal to Saudi Arab Arabia's air that's
just saying look we want to keep doing
business here's a medal they probably
threw a party for the guy and everything
is just fine Mike Pompeo on his first
overseas tour since uh being confirmed
as a spy agency Chief made presentation
to the Crown Prince at a weekend
ceremony
and you know they're talking about out
of all out of all things I mean this is
when you know that the media is
completely complicit in all of the
lies widely respected in the West for
his efforts this I'm going to read this
I'm going to try to keep a straight face
okay widely respected in the West for
his efforts to combat violent extremism
he oversaw a
Crackdown I can't believe this is trying
to be real anyway a Crackdown on
Al-Qaeda which killed security officers
and foreigners in the Kingdom between
2003 and
2007 all
right that's just such a joke anyway I
mean probably the country which has been
responsible for the most expansion if
you want to blame it on a country I
don't really think you should point
fingers at the countries it's more of
the globalists but I mean you know let's
take it at face value I mean the most
responsible and you're given an award
it's just like uh Barry
Obama given the Nobel Peace Prize I mean
what a joke
26,000 bombs dropped last year
alone how many hours an American has to
work to buy the S&P this is really
interesting this is a good
one so
ultimately a few years ago as we look
here now this right here is a year 2000
okay so you can see that we are
basically back at that point the do com
boom was an exhilarating ride I mean the
way up here on that scale obvious very
obvious bubble anybody should have
realized that then you had a a low at
this point during the financial crisis
where I
believe that it should be seen as more
of an average
that's where it should be at so the
average American now it's cut off on the
side here but about 100 hours to buy the
S SMP I like these type of charts here
these These are uh very interesting to
see when you compare not necessarily the
S&P as a numerical value but you compare
it to something else and this happens to
be one how many hours the American has
to work to buy the S&P so you take its
current uh numerical value compare that
to the hours and it's approximately 100
we haven't seen seen that since the do
boom and what happened after that boom
Oh need I remind you down down
down all right last one sent and their
customers will be able to make payments
with their voice by talking into their
smartphone app in another sign of the
techn uh technological Revolution that
is transforming the banking industry you
walk into the
bank you most of the time you just go to
the bank machine if you need to speak to
a teller these days you're replacing the
teller with
iPads you do online
banking and you may interact with you
know different types of Automation and
Robotics in this case happens to be a
smartphone app jobs are being
replaced and it is something to uh
really take in you know Tesla the uh the
big dog Elon Musk said ually look one of
the big bulk of jobs out there is
driving whether that's transportation of
you know food or products or you have uh
you know freight shipping you have taxi
drivers everything all of that is going
to be replaced by driverless cars at
some point or driverless you know
automation
anyway that's what he's saying and he
basically said that a lot of people are
going to lose their jobs as a result and
we need to to quickly find jobs for
these individuals because the technology
is advancing so fast the changeover is
going to be abrupt a lot of people are
going to be hurt you're going to have a
higher unemployment so as a result we
got to get a move on on finding new jobs
that's what they said that's what I
believe and I do believe it is
escalating at a rapid level all right so
here's a little entertainment for you
you can
see Donald Trump and Angela Merkel
hanging out on the beach the paparazzi
caught them and here they are that's an
image for each and every one of you to
take to
bed last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
book The Money GPS even more informative
so look through the book just go over to
Amazon they have this look inside
feature that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take care